    Header picture must be impressive and should reflect Indian touch.

    Middle scroll should be removed.

    Pictures of Indian musical instruments, cultural and regional dances, dresses etc., should be included.

    On homepage, for the text above the pictures, padding is required.

    Footer should start immediately after left, mid and right columns. There should be no space in between.

    On genesis page, first picture should be moved downward to make it aligned with left and right columns.

    Conference column should be removed and one more link can be created i.e. 'Conferences' which will give the list of links to conference pages AND/OR write on homepage "Presenting prominently 6 conferences. Click here to see details." which shows conference names and links: "Click here to see themes" or something similar. Please suggest: should we go with first option, or second or both.

    '/1/' in url of website should be replaced with search engine friendly text.

    Formatting of heading and sub heading should be improved and done according to Brochure. Size of sub heading should be smaller than main heading.

    Links of right column like 'Punjab', 'Jalandhar', 'NITJ', 'GNDEC' should be made accessible from footer and be removed from right column.

    Fancy icons of Facebook, Google+, Twitter should be used. Other information on homepage related to facebook should be removed.

    Links within the mid column on different pages should be differentiated from rest of the text. Same formatting should be used for all links.

    Black background of all pictures should be changed and set appropriately.

    Pictures in the mid column can be made to slide.

    Following line(s) should be showed on the homepage:

    "Last date of abstract submission: 31st, March, 12"  or "15 days remaining to abstract submission" or something similar.

@all: In case some point is missing or to give more suggestions, please add to above. Also keep reporting here about the work you 
